TONIGHT WITHOUT THAT ONE MUTUAL FRIEND WHO MICHAEL COHEN AND I
FRIEND WHO MICHAEL COHEN AND I HAVE, AND HE WILL JOIN US IN A
HAVE, AND HE WILL JOIN US IN A MOMENT.
MOMENT. THE DEMOCRATS NOW HAVE THE
THE DEMOCRATS NOW HAVE THE SMOKING GUN.
SMOKING GUN. TODAY MICHAEL COHEN WROTE THE
TODAY MICHAEL COHEN WROTE THE FIRST ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT
FIRST ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT AGAINST PRESIDENT TRUMP IN HIS
AGAINST PRESIDENT TRUMP IN HIS TESTIMONY IN THE HOUSE OF
TESTIMONY IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, THE PLACE WHERE
REPRESENTATIVES, THE PLACE WHERE IMPEACHMENT OF A PRESIDENT
IMPEACHMENT OF A PRESIDENT BEGINS.
BEGINS. DEMOCRATS BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN
DEMOCRATS BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN GAVE THEM THE SMOKING GUN TODAY.
GAVE THEM THE SMOKING GUN TODAY. THAT’S WHAT DEMOCRATIC
THAT’S WHAT DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN RO KHANNA CALLED
CONGRESSMAN RO KHANNA CALLED THIS CONTRIBUTE THAT MICHAEL
THIS CONTRIBUTE THAT MICHAEL COHEN INTRODUCED IN THE ALL-DAY
COHEN INTRODUCED IN THE ALL-DAY HEARING.
HEARING. THIS CHECK MADE TO MICHAEL COHEN
THIS CHECK MADE TO MICHAEL COHEN CARRIES THE NOW RECOGNIZABLE
CARRIES THE NOW RECOGNIZABLE SIGNATURE OF DONALD TRUMP AND
SIGNATURE OF DONALD TRUMP AND WAS SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT SIX
WAS SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT SIX MONTHS INTO HIS PRESIDENCY.
MONTHS INTO HIS PRESIDENCY. IT MARKS THE FIRST TIME IN
IT MARKS THE FIRST TIME IN AMERICAN HISTORY THAT WE HAVE
AMERICAN HISTORY THAT WE HAVE SEEN A CHECK SIGNED BY A
SEEN A CHECK SIGNED BY A PRESIDENT FOR AN ILLEGAL
PRESIDENT FOR AN ILLEGAL PURPOSE.
PURPOSE. >> AS EXHIBIT 5A TO MY TESTIMONY
>> AS EXHIBIT 5A TO MY TESTIMONY SHOWS, I AM PROVIDING A COPY OF
SHOWS, I AM PROVIDING A COPY OF A $35,000 CHECK THAT PRESIDENT
A $35,000 CHECK THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP PERSONALLY SIGNED FROM HIS
TRUMP PERSONALLY SIGNED FROM HIS PERSONAL BANK ACCOUNT ON AUGUST
PERSONAL BANK ACCOUNT ON AUGUST 1st OF 2017.
1st OF 2017. WHEN HE WAS PRESIDENT OF THE
WHEN HE WAS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
UNITED STATES. PURSUANT TO THE COVER-UP, WHICH
PURSUANT TO THE COVER-UP, WHICH WAS THE BASIS OF MY GUILTY PLEA,
WAS THE BASIS OF MY GUILTY PLEA, TO REIMBURSE ME.
TO REIMBURSE ME. >> THE CRIME AS DESCRIBED BY
>> THE CRIME AS DESCRIBED BY FEDERAL PROSECUTORS AND IN
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS AND IN MICHAEL COHEN’S GUILTY PLEA
MICHAEL COHEN’S GUILTY PLEA TESTIMONY TOOK PLACE WEEKS
TESTIMONY TOOK PLACE WEEKS BEFORE THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION
BEFORE THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION WHEN MICHAEL COHEN USED HIS OWN
WHEN MICHAEL COHEN USED HIS OWN FUNDS TO ARRANGE A PAYMENT OF
FUNDS TO ARRANGE A PAYMENT OF $130,000 TO STORMY DANIELS TO
$130,000 TO STORMY DANIELS TO BUY HER SILENCE.
BUY HER SILENCE. WHAT AMERICA LEARNED FROM
WHAT AMERICA LEARNED FROM MICHAEL COHEN TODAY IS THAT THAT
MICHAEL COHEN TODAY IS THAT THAT CRIMINAL SCHEME EXTENDED FORWARD
CRIMINAL SCHEME EXTENDED FORWARD IN TIME INTO THE PRESIDENCY OF
IN TIME INTO THE PRESIDENCY OF DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. BECAUSE PRESIDENT TRUMP ARRANGED
BECAUSE PRESIDENT TRUMP ARRANGED A REIMBURSEMENT SCHEDULE FOR
A REIMBURSEMENT SCHEDULE FOR MICHAEL COHEN THAT INCLUDED 11
MICHAEL COHEN THAT INCLUDED 11 CHECKS DELIVERED TO HIM DURING
CHECKS DELIVERED TO HIM DURING THE FIRST YEAR OF THE TRUMP
THE FIRST YEAR OF THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY.
PRESIDENCY. SOME OF THOSE CHECKS WERE SIGNED
SOME OF THOSE CHECKS WERE SIGNED BY PRESIDENT TRUMP.
BY PRESIDENT TRUMP. SOME OF THEM WERE SIGNED BY
SOME OF THEM WERE SIGNED BY DONALD TRUMP JR. AND BY ALLEN
DONALD TRUMP JR. AND BY ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, THE CHIEF FINANCIAL
WEISSLEBERG, THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE TRUMP BUSINESSES.
OFFICER OF THE TRUMP BUSINESSES. THE SMOKING GUN CHECK, THE ONE
THE SMOKING GUN CHECK, THE ONE WITH DONALD TRUMP’S BOLD
WITH DONALD TRUMP’S BOLD SIGNATURE, WILL NOW TAKE ITS
SIGNATURE, WILL NOW TAKE ITS PLACE IN POPULAR CULTURE.
PLACE IN POPULAR CULTURE. YOU WILL BE SEEING IT IN TWEETS
YOU WILL BE SEEING IT IN TWEETS FOREVER.
FOREVER. YOU WILL BE SEEING IT ON
YOU WILL BE SEEING IT ON T-SHIRTS.
T-SHIRTS. IT WILL BE IMPRINTED ON TOILET
IT WILL BE IMPRINTED ON TOILET PAPER, ON COFFEE MUGS AND IT
PAPER, ON COFFEE MUGS AND IT WILL TAKE ITS PLACE IN HISTORY
WILL TAKE ITS PLACE IN HISTORY AS THE MOST IMPORTANT CHECK
AS THE MOST IMPORTANT CHECK DONALD TRUMP HAS EVER WRITTEN
DONALD TRUMP HAS EVER WRITTEN BECAUSE IT IS THE CHECK THAT
BECAUSE IT IS THE CHECK THAT COULD END HIS PRESIDENCY.
COULD END HIS PRESIDENCY. AND SO THE TRUMP LOYALISTS IN
AND SO THE TRUMP LOYALISTS IN THAT HEARING TODAY HAT ONE JOBD
THAT HEARING TODAY HAT ONE JOBD TO DO, AND THAT WAS ATTACK THAT
TO DO, AND THAT WAS ATTACK THAT CHECK, ATTACK MICHAEL COHEN’S
CHECK, ATTACK MICHAEL COHEN’S EXPLANATION OF THE CRIME THAT
EXPLANATION OF THE CRIME THAT CHECK IS PART OF AND NOT ONE
CHECK IS PART OF AND NOT ONE REPUBLICAN MEMBER OF THE
REPUBLICAN MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE DARED TO DO THAT.
COMMITTEE DARED TO DO THAT. NOT ONE OF THEM WENT AFTER THAT
NOT ONE OF THEM WENT AFTER THAT CHECK.
CHECK. NOT ONE REPUBLICAN MEMBER OF THE
NOT ONE REPUBLICAN MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE TRIED TO DEFUSE THAT
COMMITTEE TRIED TO DEFUSE THAT BOMB FOR DONALD TRUMP.
BOMB FOR DONALD TRUMP. THEY LEFT THE SMOKING GUN
THEY LEFT THE SMOKING GUN UNTOUCHED IN THURSDAY
UNTOUCHED IN THURSDAY CROSS-EXAMINATION OF MICHAEL
CROSS-EXAMINATION OF MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. INSTEAD OF ATTACKING THAT
INSTEAD OF ATTACKING THAT EVIDENCE, INSTEAD OF ATTACKING
EVIDENCE, INSTEAD OF ATTACKING THAT CHECK, THEY ATTACKED
THAT CHECK, THEY ATTACKED MICHAEL COHEN AND THEY USED THE
MICHAEL COHEN AND THEY USED THE WORDS OF THE ATTORNEY IN THE
WORDS OF THE ATTORNEY IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AGAINST MICHAEL COHEN.
AGAINST MICHAEL COHEN. THAT’S THE FEDERAL PROSECUTOR
THAT’S THE FEDERAL PROSECUTOR WHO GOT MICHAEL COHEN’S GUILTY
WHO GOT MICHAEL COHEN’S GUILTY PLEA.
PLEA. TODAY IT WAS IF THE FEDERAL
TODAY IT WAS IF THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN
PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK WERE
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK WERE SITTING RIGHT THERE IN THE
SITTING RIGHT THERE IN THE REPUBLICAN SIDE OF THE ROOM TO
REPUBLICAN SIDE OF THE ROOM TO THE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS OF THE
THE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE WHO PUT FULL FAITH AND
COMMITTEE WHO PUT FULL FAITH AND CONFIDENCE IN EVERY WORD THAT
CONFIDENCE IN EVERY WORD THAT THEY QUOTED FROM THOSE FEDERAL
THEY QUOTED FROM THOSE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN
PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. >> TAKE WHAT THE SOUTHERN
>> TAKE WHAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK SAID, COHEN
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK SAID, COHEN DID CRIMES THAT WERE MARKED BY A
DID CRIMES THAT WERE MARKED BY A PATTERN OF DECEPTION AND THAT
PATTERN OF DECEPTION AND THAT PERMEATED HIS PROFESSIONAL LIFE.
PERMEATED HIS PROFESSIONAL LIFE. >> ACCORDING TO THE SOUTHERN
>> ACCORDING TO THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, YOU FAILED
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, YOU FAILED TO DISCLOSE MORE THAN $20
TO DISCLOSE MORE THAN $20 MILLION IN LIABILITIES.
MILLION IN LIABILITIES. >> SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
>> SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IN THEIR STATEMENT, THEIR
IN THEIR STATEMENT, THEIR SENTENCING MEMO SAYS THIS.
SENTENCING MEMO SAYS THIS. COHEN’S CRIMINAL VIOLATIONS IN
COHEN’S CRIMINAL VIOLATIONS IN THE FEDERAL ELECTION LAWS WERE
THE FEDERAL ELECTION LAWS WERE ALSO STIRRED, LIKE OTHERS,
ALSO STIRRED, LIKE OTHERS, CRIMES BY HIS OWN AMBITION AND
CRIMES BY HIS OWN AMBITION AND GREED.
GREED. I ASK UNANIMOUS CONSENT TO
I ASK UNANIMOUS CONSENT TO SUBMIT THE SENTENCING MOMENT
SUBMIT THE SENTENCING MOMENT FROM THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
FROM THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK FOR THE WORD.
NEW YORK FOR THE WORD. >> I ASK YOUR UNANIMOUS CONSENT
>> I ASK YOUR UNANIMOUS CONSENT TO READ YOU PORTIONS OF THE
TO READ YOU PORTIONS OF THE SENTENCING MEMO THAT THE
SENTENCING MEMO THAT THE REPUBLICANS DID NOT READ TODAY.
REPUBLICANS DID NOT READ TODAY. DURING THE CAMPAIGN, COHEN
DURING THE CAMPAIGN, COHEN PLAYED A CENTRAL ROLE IN TWO
PLAYED A CENTRAL ROLE IN TWO SIMILAR SCHEMES TO PURCHASE THE
SIMILAR SCHEMES TO PURCHASE THE RIGHTS TO STORIES, EACH FROM
RIGHTS TO STORIES, EACH FROM WOMEN WHO CLAIMED TO HAVE HAD AN
WOMEN WHO CLAIMED TO HAVE HAD AN AFFAIR WITH INDIVIDUAL ONE, SO
AFFAIR WITH INDIVIDUAL ONE, SO AS TO SUPPRESS THE STORIES AND
AS TO SUPPRESS THE STORIES AND THEREBY PREVENT THEM FROM
THEREBY PREVENT THEM FROM INFLUENCING THE ELECTION.
INFLUENCING THE ELECTION. AND WHO WAS INDIVIDUAL ONE?
AND WHO WAS INDIVIDUAL ONE? AND WHO ARE YOU REFERRING TO
AND WHO ARE YOU REFERRING TO HERE WHEN WE REFER TO INDIVIDUAL
HERE WHEN WE REFER TO INDIVIDUAL ONE?
ONE? >> DONALD J. TRUMP.
>> DONALD J. TRUMP. >> THAT PART OF THE SENTENCING
>> THAT PART OF THE SENTENCING MEMO THAT THE REPUBLICANS DID
MEMO THAT THE REPUBLICANS DID NOT READ CONTINUES.
NOT READ CONTINUES. WITH RESPECT TO BOTH PAYMENTS,
WITH RESPECT TO BOTH PAYMENTS, COHEN ACTED WITH THE INTENT TO
COHEN ACTED WITH THE INTENT TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL
INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
ELECTION. COHEN COORDINATED HIS ACTIONS
COHEN COORDINATED HIS ACTIONS WITH ONE OR MORE MEMBERS OF THE
WITH ONE OR MORE MEMBERS OF THE CAMPAIGN, INCLUDING THROUGH
CAMPAIGN, INCLUDING THROUGH MEETINGS AND PHONE CALLS ABOUT
MEETINGS AND PHONE CALLS ABOUT THE FACT, NATURE AND TIMING OF
THE FACT, NATURE AND TIMING OF THE PAYMENTS, IN PARTICULAR AND
THE PAYMENTS, IN PARTICULAR AND AS COHEN HIMSELF AS NOW ADMITTED
AS COHEN HIMSELF AS NOW ADMITTED WITH RESPECT TO BOTH PAYMENTS,
WITH RESPECT TO BOTH PAYMENTS, HE ACTED IN COORDINATION WITH
HE ACTED IN COORDINATION WITH AND AT THE DIRECTION OF
AND AT THE DIRECTION OF INDIVIDUAL ONE.
INDIVIDUAL ONE. AND SO THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS
AND SO THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN NEW YORK WHO THE REPUBLICANS
IN NEW YORK WHO THE REPUBLICANS REPEATEDLY QUOTED TODAY AS IF
REPEATEDLY QUOTED TODAY AS IF THEY WERE QUOTING THE BIBLE ARE
THEY WERE QUOTING THE BIBLE ARE THE VERY SAME PROSECUTORS WHO IN
THE VERY SAME PROSECUTORS WHO IN THE VERY SAME MEMO SAY THAT THE
THE VERY SAME MEMO SAY THAT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES COMMITTED CRIMES WITH MICHAEL
COMMITTED CRIMES WITH MICHAEL COHEN AND THAT THOSE CRIMES WERE
COHEN AND THAT THOSE CRIMES WERE COMMITTED AT THE DIRECTION OF
COMMITTED AT THE DIRECTION OF DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. DONALD TRUMP WAS THE BOSS OF THE
DONALD TRUMP WAS THE BOSS OF THE CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE DESCRIBED BY
CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE DESCRIBED BY THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS WHO THE
THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS WHO THE REPUBLICANS QUOTED TODAY, BUT
REPUBLICANS QUOTED TODAY, BUT WERE VERY CAREFUL TO NEVER QUOTE
WERE VERY CAREFUL TO NEVER QUOTE THE PART WHERE THOSE SAME
THE PART WHERE THOSE SAME PROSECUTORS ACCUSED THE
PROSECUTORS ACCUSED THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF HAVING COMMITTED CRIMES.
OF HAVING COMMITTED CRIMES. THE REPUBLICANS ON THE COMMITTEE
THE REPUBLICANS ON THE COMMITTEE TOLD AMERICA, YOU CANNOT BELIEVE
TOLD AMERICA, YOU CANNOT BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN NOW BECAUSE HE IS
MICHAEL COHEN NOW BECAUSE HE IS A CONVICTED CRIMINAL AND ONE OF
A CONVICTED CRIMINAL AND ONE OF HIS CRIMES WAS LYING TO
HIS CRIMES WAS LYING TO CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. >> A GUY WHO IS GOING TO PRISON
>> A GUY WHO IS GOING TO PRISON IN TWO MONTHS FOR LYING TO
IN TWO MONTHS FOR LYING TO CONGRESS.
CONGRESS. >> LYING TO CONGRESS.
>> LYING TO CONGRESS. >> LYING --
>> LYING -- >> CONVICTED CRIMINAL WHO I SAW
>> CONVICTED CRIMINAL WHO I SAW TESTIFY TO CONGRESS, AND HE WAS
TESTIFY TO CONGRESS, AND HE WAS GUILTY OF CRIMES MUCH WORSE THAN
GUILTY OF CRIMES MUCH WORSE THAN LYING.
LYING. HE WAS A MURDERER.
HE WAS A MURDERER. HE WAS A MADE MAN IN THE MAFIA.
HE WAS A MADE MAN IN THE MAFIA. I WAS A LITTLE BOY IN 1963
I WAS A LITTLE BOY IN 1963 WATCHING JOE VELACCI TESTIFY TO
WATCHING JOE VELACCI TESTIFY TO CONGRESS ABOUT ITALIAN ORGANIZED
CONGRESS ABOUT ITALIAN ORGANIZED CRIME IN AMERICA ON BLACK AND
CRIME IN AMERICA ON BLACK AND WHITE TV.
WHITE TV. THOUGH WE KNEW HE WAS A
THOUGH WE KNEW HE WAS A MURDERER, WE ALSO FOUND HIM VERY
MURDERER, WE ALSO FOUND HIM VERY BELIEVABLE.
BELIEVABLE. I DON’T MEAN JUST THE KIDS.
I DON’T MEAN JUST THE KIDS. THE SENATORS THOUGHT HIS
THE SENATORS THOUGHT HIS TESTIMONY WAS BELIEVABLE AND
TESTIMONY WAS BELIEVABLE AND WORTH HEARING.
WORTH HEARING. IN TESTIMONY THAT I REMEMBER TO
IN TESTIMONY THAT I REMEMBER TO THIS DAY, JOE VELACCI DESCRIBED
THIS DAY, JOE VELACCI DESCRIBED TO THE SENATE AND AMERICA
TO THE SENATE AND AMERICA WATCHING ON TV THE INITIATION
WATCHING ON TV THE INITIATION RITUAL FOR THE CRIMINAL
RITUAL FOR THE CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION WE LEARNED THAT DAY
ORGANIZATION WE LEARNED THAT DAY WAS CALLED THE COSA NOSTRA.
WAS CALLED THE COSA NOSTRA. THE CEREMONY WAS IN ITALIAN AND
THE CEREMONY WAS IN ITALIAN AND THE NEW MEMBER HAD TO TAKE A
THE NEW MEMBER HAD TO TAKE A PIECE OF PAPER AND BURN IT IN
PIECE OF PAPER AND BURN IT IN HIS HANDS.
HIS HANDS. I’LL NEVER FORGET THE WAY HE
I’LL NEVER FORGET THE WAY HE SAID THE WORD "BURNED".
SAID THE WORD "BURNED". IN HIS NEW YORK ACCENT.
IN HIS NEW YORK ACCENT. >> DEMONSTRATE JUST WHAT YOU
>> DEMONSTRATE JUST WHAT YOU DID.
DID. WHAT?
WHAT? >> THIS PIECE OF PAPER IS
>> THIS PIECE OF PAPER IS BURNED.
BURNED. >> YEAH?
>> YEAH? >> AND THEN YOU LIGHT IT AND IN
>> AND THEN YOU LIGHT IT AND IN YOUR HAND YOU SAY -- THEN THEY
YOUR HAND YOU SAY -- THEN THEY GIVE YOU WORDS IN ITALIAN, BUT I
GIVE YOU WORDS IN ITALIAN, BUT I KNOW WHAT IT MEANT.
KNOW WHAT IT MEANT. >> IN OTHER WORDS, WHILE YOU
>> IN OTHER WORDS, WHILE YOU WERE REPEATING THE WORDS, YOU
WERE REPEATING THE WORDS, YOU WERE BURNING THE PAPER.
WERE BURNING THE PAPER. >> THIS IS THE WAY I BURN IF I
>> THIS IS THE WAY I BURN IF I EXPOSE THIS ORGANIZATION.
EXPOSE THIS ORGANIZATION. AND THEN HE PREDICTS YOUR
AND THEN HE PREDICTS YOUR FINGER.
FINGER. >> WHO?
>> WHO? >> THE GODFATHER.
>> THE GODFATHER. >> HE PRICKS YOUR FINGER?
>> HE PRICKS YOUR FINGER? >> WITH A NEEDLE.
>> WITH A NEEDLE. IN OTHER WORDS, THE BLOOD
IN OTHER WORDS, THE BLOOD RELATION SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE
RELATION SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE BROTHERS.
BROTHERS. >> AND THE SENATE AND AMERICA
>> AND THE SENATE AND AMERICA BELIEVED EVERY WORD.
BELIEVED EVERY WORD. SIX YEARS LATER, MARIO PUZO
SIX YEARS LATER, MARIO PUZO PUBLISHED HIS MAFIA NOVEL "THE
PUBLISHED HIS MAFIA NOVEL "THE GODFATHER" AND THREE YEARS AFTER
GODFATHER" AND THREE YEARS AFTER THAT THERE WERE LONG LINES TO
THAT THERE WERE LONG LINES TO SEE MARLON BRANDO PLAYING "THE
SEE MARLON BRANDO PLAYING "THE GODFATHER."
GODFATHER." AMERICA HAS KNOWN SINCE THEN AND
AMERICA HAS KNOWN SINCE THEN AND PROBABLY BEFORE THAT THE MOST
PROBABLY BEFORE THAT THE MOST HARDENED CRIMINALS IN THE WORLD
HARDENED CRIMINALS IN THE WORLD LIE, CHEAT, STEAL AND MURDER,
LIE, CHEAT, STEAL AND MURDER, BUT SOMETIMES, SOMETIMES SOME OF
BUT SOMETIMES, SOMETIMES SOME OF THEM TELL THE TRUTH.
THEM TELL THE TRUTH. AND WHEN CRIMINALS LIKE JOE
AND WHEN CRIMINALS LIKE JOE VELACCI TELL THE TRUTH, THEIR
VELACCI TELL THE TRUTH, THEIR CRIMINAL FRIENDS TURN ON THEM
CRIMINAL FRIENDS TURN ON THEM AND CALL THEM A RAT.
AND CALL THEM A RAT. WHICH IS WHAT DONALD TRUMP NOW
WHICH IS WHAT DONALD TRUMP NOW CALLS HIS FORMER FRIEND MICHAEL
CALLS HIS FORMER FRIEND MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. >>> LEADING OFF OUR DISCUSSION
>>> LEADING OFF OUR DISCUSSION NOW, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR
NOW, FORMER FEDERAL PROSECUTOR AND MSNBC LEGAL CONTRIBUTOR.
AND MSNBC LEGAL CONTRIBUTOR. TIM O’BRIEN, EXECUTIVE EDITOR OF
TIM O’BRIEN, EXECUTIVE EDITOR OF BLOOMBERG OPINION.
BLOOMBERG OPINION. HE HAS REPORTED ON DONALD TRUMP
HE HAS REPORTED ON DONALD TRUMP FOR DECADES AND OF COURSE WAS
FOR DECADES AND OF COURSE WAS SUED BY DONALD TRUMP AND WON.
SUED BY DONALD TRUMP AND WON. AND WE ARE JOINED BY MSNBC
AND WE ARE JOINED BY MSNBC CONTRIBUTOR AND FRIEND OF
CONTRIBUTOR AND FRIEND OF MICHAEL COHEN, DONNY DEUTSCH,
MICHAEL COHEN, DONNY DEUTSCH, THE MAN WHO TOLD ME MANY, MANY
THE MAN WHO TOLD ME MANY, MANY MONTHS AGO THAT THIS DAY WAS
MONTHS AGO THAT THIS DAY WAS COMING, AND, DONNY, WHEN YOU
COMING, AND, DONNY, WHEN YOU TOLD ME THAT IN THAT SHORT BUT
TOLD ME THAT IN THAT SHORT BUT POWERFUL CONVERSATION IN THAT
POWERFUL CONVERSATION IN THAT HALLWAY, I THOUGHT WHEN THE DAY
HALLWAY, I THOUGHT WHEN THE DAY COMES, I NEED DONNY ON THE SHOW
COMES, I NEED DONNY ON THE SHOW AS THE FIRST GUEST.
AS THE FIRST GUEST. TELL US WHAT YOU SAW IN THAT
TELL US WHAT YOU SAW IN THAT HEARING ROOM TODAY WITH YOUR
HEARING ROOM TODAY WITH YOUR FRIEND MICHAEL COHEN.
FRIEND MICHAEL COHEN. >> WELL, THE DAY HASN’T COME YET
>> WELL, THE DAY HASN’T COME YET BECAUSE THIS IS A -- THIS IS --
BECAUSE THIS IS A -- THIS IS -- >> THERE’S MORE?
>> THERE’S MORE? >> THIS IS AN OPEN ACT.
>> THIS IS AN OPEN ACT. THE DAY THAT YOU’LL HAVE ME BACK
THE DAY THAT YOU’LL HAVE ME BACK ON IS WHEN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
ON IS WHEN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT RICOs THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
RICOs THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. WHICH IS INTRODUCED WHEN PEOPLE
WHICH IS INTRODUCED WHEN PEOPLE SIT ATOP A CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION
SIT ATOP A CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION WHERE BASICALLY THEY WILL GO
WHERE BASICALLY THEY WILL GO EVERY EVERYTHING THIS CRIMINAL
EVERY EVERYTHING THIS CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION HAS DONE FROM THE
ORGANIZATION HAS DONE FROM THE CHARITIES TO THE TRUMP -- TO THE
CHARITIES TO THE TRUMP -- TO THE MONEY LAUNDERING TO BANK FRAUD
MONEY LAUNDERING TO BANK FRAUD TO WIRE FRAUD TO INSURANCE
TO WIRE FRAUD TO INSURANCE FRAUD.
FRAUD. THEY’LL TAKE THE EMPIRE APART.
THEY’LL TAKE THE EMPIRE APART. THEY’LL TAKE BUILDINGS AWAY.
THEY’LL TAKE BUILDINGS AWAY. THAT’S WHEN I’LL COME BACK ON
THAT’S WHEN I’LL COME BACK ON THE SHOW BECAUSE THAT WILL BE
THE SHOW BECAUSE THAT WILL BE THE CLOSING ACT.
THE CLOSING ACT. THIS AND MUELLER WILL BE THE
THIS AND MUELLER WILL BE THE OPENING ACT.
OPENING ACT. I STILL THINK THAT RUSSIA IS
I STILL THINK THAT RUSSIA IS GOING TO BE A SIDEBAR INTO THIS.
GOING TO BE A SIDEBAR INTO THIS. A PEEK INSIDE THIS CRIMINAL
A PEEK INSIDE THIS CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE.
ENTERPRISE. YOU SAW THE LITTLE PIECES COMING
YOU SAW THE LITTLE PIECES COMING INTO PLAY.
INTO PLAY. YOU SAW THE WORD INSURANCE COME
YOU SAW THE WORD INSURANCE COME UP FOR THE FIRST TIME.
UP FOR THE FIRST TIME. YOU SAW HIM MENTIONING THE
YOU SAW HIM MENTIONING THE CHILDREN IN DIFFERENT WAYS.
CHILDREN IN DIFFERENT WAYS. YOU SAW OBVIOUSLY THE CAMPAIGN
YOU SAW OBVIOUSLY THE CAMPAIGN VIOLATION, BUT THAT’S NOT WHERE
VIOLATION, BUT THAT’S NOT WHERE THIS ENDS.
THIS ENDS. THIS ENDS WHERE IF YOU LIVE IN
THIS ENDS WHERE IF YOU LIVE IN NEW YORK CITY, I RAN A BIG
NEW YORK CITY, I RAN A BIG ADVERTISING AGENCY FOR YEARS.
ADVERTISING AGENCY FOR YEARS. THERE WERE BANKERS AND LAWYERS
THERE WERE BANKERS AND LAWYERS AND REAL ESTATE DEVELOPERS.
AND REAL ESTATE DEVELOPERS. WHAT EVERYBODY KNOWS ABOUT
WHAT EVERYBODY KNOWS ABOUT DONALD TRUMP AND HIS
DONALD TRUMP AND HIS ORGANIZATION, IT IS THE SLIMIEST
ORGANIZATION, IT IS THE SLIMIEST OF THE SLIME.
OF THE SLIME. IT IS JUST THE WAY THEY DO
IT IS JUST THE WAY THEY DO BUSINESS.
BUSINESS. IT IS DISHONEST.
IT IS DISHONEST. IT IS UNETHICAL.
IT IS UNETHICAL. IT IS CRIMINAL.
IT IS CRIMINAL. AND THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT WILL
AND THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT WILL TAKE IT APART.
TAKE IT APART. SO WHAT MICHAEL COHEN DID TODAY
SO WHAT MICHAEL COHEN DID TODAY THAT I KNEW WAS COMING, I KNEW A
THAT I KNEW WAS COMING, I KNEW A LOT OF THE THINGS THAT MICHAEL
LOT OF THE THINGS THAT MICHAEL KNEW BUT I ALSO KNOW A LOT OF
KNEW BUT I ALSO KNOW A LOT OF THINGS ABOUT HOW THE TRUMPS DO
THINGS ABOUT HOW THE TRUMPS DO BUSINESS, THIS IS THE OPENING
BUSINESS, THIS IS THE OPENING ACT.
ACT. >> MIMI ROKA, YOUR OLD SHOP, THE
>> MIMI ROKA, YOUR OLD SHOP, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, KEPT COMING UP IN EVERY
KEPT COMING UP IN EVERY CONVERSATION, BUT THEY LEFT OUT
CONVERSATION, BUT THEY LEFT OUT THE PART WHERE THE SAME
THE PART WHERE THE SAME PROSECUTORS SAID DONALD TRUMP
PROSECUTORS SAID DONALD TRUMP DIRECTED THESE CRIMES.
DIRECTED THESE CRIMES. >> EXACTLY.
>> EXACTLY. YOU HIT THE NAIL ON THE HEAD.
YOU HIT THE NAIL ON THE HEAD. WHAT THEY WANTED TO DO WAS PAINT
WHAT THEY WANTED TO DO WAS PAINT COHEN AS A LIAR, WHICH REALLY
COHEN AS A LIAR, WHICH REALLY ISN’T SURPRISING SINCE THE FIRST
ISN’T SURPRISING SINCE THE FIRST THING COHEN DID WAS ADMITTED
THING COHEN DID WAS ADMITTED HE’S A LIAR.
HE’S A LIAR. HE’S LIED ON BEHALF OF TRUMP.
HE’S LIED ON BEHALF OF TRUMP. AND THAT’S THE PART THAT THEY
AND THAT’S THE PART THAT THEY WANTED TO JUST, YOU KNOW,
WANTED TO JUST, YOU KNOW, IGNORE, RIGHT?
IGNORE, RIGHT? BECAUSE IF YOU BELIEVE COHEN’S
BECAUSE IF YOU BELIEVE COHEN’S TESTIMONY TODAY, IT’S VERY, VERY
TESTIMONY TODAY, IT’S VERY, VERY DAMAGING FOR TRUMP.
DAMAGING FOR TRUMP. AND SO THAT’S WHY INSTEAD OF, AS
AND SO THAT’S WHY INSTEAD OF, AS YOU SAID, GOING AFTER THE FACTS
YOU SAID, GOING AFTER THE FACTS AND TRYING TO COUNTER SOME OF
AND TRYING TO COUNTER SOME OF THE ACTUAL ASSERTIONS HE MADE
THE ACTUAL ASSERTIONS HE MADE ABOUT WHAT TRUMP DID LIKE DIRECT
ABOUT WHAT TRUMP DID LIKE DIRECT HIM IN ESSENCE TO LIE, ALTHOUGH
HIM IN ESSENCE TO LIE, ALTHOUGH HE WAS CAREFUL NOT TO OVERSTATE
HE WAS CAREFUL NOT TO OVERSTATE IT, YOU KNOW, HELP CONCOCT THIS
IT, YOU KNOW, HELP CONCOCT THIS SCHEME OF SILENCING WOMEN AND
SCHEME OF SILENCING WOMEN AND THEN REIMBURSING THROUGH THIS
THEN REIMBURSING THROUGH THIS ESSENTIALLY A FRAUD SCHEME.
ESSENTIALLY A FRAUD SCHEME. IF YOU BELIEVE ALL OF THAT,
IF YOU BELIEVE ALL OF THAT, THAT’S VERY DAMAGING FOR TRUMP.
THAT’S VERY DAMAGING FOR TRUMP. AND SO THE ONLY THING THEY CAN
AND SO THE ONLY THING THEY CAN DO IS TO ATTACK HIM AS OPPOSED
DO IS TO ATTACK HIM AS OPPOSED TO GOING AFTER THE FACTS BECAUSE
TO GOING AFTER THE FACTS BECAUSE TO LEAVE IT UNDER ATTACKED, TO
TO LEAVE IT UNDER ATTACKED, TO LEAVE HIS CREDIBILITY IN TACT IS
LEAVE HIS CREDIBILITY IN TACT IS JUST DEVASTATING FOR TRUMP.
JUST DEVASTATING FOR TRUMP. >> AND TIM, ALLEN WEISSLEBERG
>> AND TIM, ALLEN WEISSLEBERG CAME UP.
CAME UP. HE SUDDENLY STARTED TO BECOME A
HE SUDDENLY STARTED TO BECOME A FEATURED PLAYER IN THE HEARING
FEATURED PLAYER IN THE HEARING BECAUSE PEOPLE KEPT SAYING,
BECAUSE PEOPLE KEPT SAYING, WELL, WHO ELSE CAN WE GO TO FOR
WELL, WHO ELSE CAN WE GO TO FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT WHETHER
MORE INFORMATION ABOUT WHETHER IT WOULD BE INSURANCE FRAUD
IT WOULD BE INSURANCE FRAUD POSSIBILITIES OR OTHER ISSUES?
POSSIBILITIES OR OTHER ISSUES? AND THAT NAME ALLEN WEISSLEBERG
AND THAT NAME ALLEN WEISSLEBERG IMKEPT COMING
IMKEPT COMING KEPT COMING UP.
KEPT COMING UP. WE ARE NOW HEARING FROM THE
WE ARE NOW HEARING FROM THE COMMITTEE THAT HE MAY BE ONE OF
COMMITTEE THAT HE MAY BE ONE OF THE WITNESSES THEY CALL.
THE WITNESSES THEY CALL. >> ALONG WITH MATTHEW CALAMARI
>> ALONG WITH MATTHEW CALAMARI AND RHONA GRMPTATH.
AND RHONA GRMPTATH. THERE IS A CORE GROUP OF PEOPLE
THERE IS A CORE GROUP OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN WITH HIM FOR A
WHO HAVE BEEN WITH HIM FOR A LONG TIME.
LONG TIME. THEY’RE NOT TERRIBLY
THEY’RE NOT TERRIBLY SOPHISTICATED BUT THEY BUY INTO
SOPHISTICATED BUT THEY BUY INTO THE CULT OF PERSONALITY AROUND
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY AROUND TRUMP.
TRUMP. THEY DON’T ARGUE AND THEY DO
THEY DON’T ARGUE AND THEY DO WHAT THEY’RE TOLD.
WHAT THEY’RE TOLD. ALLEN WEISSLEBERG SPECIFICALLY
ALLEN WEISSLEBERG SPECIFICALLY JOINED THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AT
JOINED THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AT THE SAME TIME DONALD DID IN THE
THE SAME TIME DONALD DID IN THE 1970s.
1970s. HE WAS FRED TRUMP’S ACCOUNTANTS.
HE WAS FRED TRUMP’S ACCOUNTANTS. HE’S HANDLED DONALD TRUMP’S
HE’S HANDLED DONALD TRUMP’S PERSONAL TAX RETURNS.
PERSONAL TAX RETURNS. HE SIGNS OFF ON EVERY MAJOR DEAL
HE SIGNS OFF ON EVERY MAJOR DEAL THAT TRUMP DOES.
THAT TRUMP DOES. MICHAEL COHEN’S ONLY BEEN THERE
MICHAEL COHEN’S ONLY BEEN THERE SINCE 2006.
SINCE 2006. TRUMP USED HIM AS THE PITFALL.
TRUMP USED HIM AS THE PITFALL. ALLEN WEISSLEBERG HAS DEEP
ALLEN WEISSLEBERG HAS DEEP INSTITUTIONAL KNOWLEDGE.
INSTITUTIONAL KNOWLEDGE. SO WHAT DONNY WAS SAYING WHEN
SO WHAT DONNY WAS SAYING WHEN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT DECIDES TO
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT DECIDES TO POUNCE AND START TO TAKE APART
POUNCE AND START TO TAKE APART SOME OF THE PIECES OF WHAT
SOME OF THE PIECES OF WHAT TRUMP’S DOING, PARTICULARLY I
TRUMP’S DOING, PARTICULARLY I THINK AROUND ISSUES LIKE MONEY
THINK AROUND ISSUES LIKE MONEY LAUNDERING.
LAUNDERING. >> CORRECT.
>> CORRECT. >> ALLEN WEISSLEBERG IS GOING TO
>> ALLEN WEISSLEBERG IS GOING TO BE A COG IN THE MIDDLE OF THAT
BE A COG IN THE MIDDLE OF THAT BECAUSE HE AUTHENTICALLY KNOWS
BECAUSE HE AUTHENTICALLY KNOWS WHERE ALL BODIES ARE BURIED.
WHERE ALL BODIES ARE BURIED. >> YOU’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE TO
>> YOU’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE TO GO THROUGH ENRON.
GO THROUGH ENRON. TIM WILL KNOW THIS.
TIM WILL KNOW THIS. IF YOU’VE BEEN UP TO THE TRUMP
IF YOU’VE BEEN UP TO THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, IT’S A DUSTY
ORGANIZATION, IT’S A DUSTY OFFICE.
OFFICE. HERE IS DONALD.
HERE IS DONALD. HERE ARE THE THREE KIDS.
HERE ARE THE THREE KIDS. HERE IS THE CFO.
HERE IS THE CFO. >> STUCK IN THE 1980s.
>> STUCK IN THE 1980s. >> IF YOU WENT TO ONE OF THOSE
>> IF YOU WENT TO ONE OF THOSE LITTLE, YOU KNOW, COFFEE BARS.
LITTLE, YOU KNOW, COFFEE BARS. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. >> SO YOU DON’T HAVE TO PICK
>> SO YOU DON’T HAVE TO PICK THROUGH A LOT OF LAYERS.
THROUGH A LOT OF LAYERS. IT IS A MOM AND POP LICENSING
IT IS A MOM AND POP LICENSING COMPANY.
COMPANY. SO IT IS -- AND IT WAS RUN THAT
SO IT IS -- AND IT WAS RUN THAT WAY.
WAY. AND AS YOU SEE DONALD TRUMP AT
AND AS YOU SEE DONALD TRUMP AT -- SEE THE WAY HE CONDUCTS
-- SEE THE WAY HE CONDUCTS HIMSELF AS PRESIDENT?
HIMSELF AS PRESIDENT? JUST IN FRONT OF EVERYBODY
JUST IN FRONT OF EVERYBODY BEYOND THE LAW, IMAGINE AS A
BEYOND THE LAW, IMAGINE AS A PRIVATE CITIZEN WHEN NOBODY’S
PRIVATE CITIZEN WHEN NOBODY’S WATCHING.
WATCHING. IMAGINE IN THE REAL ESTATE
IMAGINE IN THE REAL ESTATE BUSINESS, WHICH IS A PRETTY
BUSINESS, WHICH IS A PRETTY SLIMY BUSINESS EVEN IF YOU’RE A
SLIMY BUSINESS EVEN IF YOU’RE A STRAIGHT SHOOTER TO BEGIN WITH.
STRAIGHT SHOOTER TO BEGIN WITH. IMAGINE THE ANTICS THAT HE WAS
IMAGINE THE ANTICS THAT HE WAS UP TO.
UP TO. WE’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE TO
WE’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE TO IMAGINE.
IMAGINE. I THANK YOU FOR THOSE NICE
I THANK YOU FOR THOSE NICE THINGS THAT YOU SAID, BUT I WANT
THINGS THAT YOU SAID, BUT I WANT TO EXTEND A FUTURE INVITATION TO
TO EXTEND A FUTURE INVITATION TO MYSELF WHEN THE --
MYSELF WHEN THE -- >> PERMANENT INVITATION.
>> PERMANENT INVITATION. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. >> SO, MIMI, DONNY TELLS US MORE
>> SO, MIMI, DONNY TELLS US MORE -- CERTAINLY TO SAY THIS IS
-- CERTAINLY TO SAY THIS IS GOING TO END UP IN A RICO
GOING TO END UP IN A RICO PROSECUTION.
PROSECUTION. AND MY EXPERIENCE WITH DONNY ON
AND MY EXPERIENCE WITH DONNY ON THIS SUBJECT IS HE DOESN’T
THIS SUBJECT IS HE DOESN’T EXAGGERATE ANYTHING, ANYTHING.
EXAGGERATE ANYTHING, ANYTHING. EVERYTHING IS AS SOLID AS YOU
EVERYTHING IS AS SOLID AS YOU COULD ASK IT TO BE.
COULD ASK IT TO BE. HOW WOULD WE GET FROM HERE TO A
HOW WOULD WE GET FROM HERE TO A RICO PROSECUTION?
RICO PROSECUTION? >> WELL, IT’S NOT CRAZY, I WILL
>> WELL, IT’S NOT CRAZY, I WILL SAY THAT.
SAY THAT. IF THIS SENSE.
IF THIS SENSE. LOOK, RICO -- THERE IS VERY
LOOK, RICO -- THERE IS VERY TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS, BUT IT
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS, BUT IT IS --
IS -- >> AND DONNY DIDN’T GO TO LAW
>> AND DONNY DIDN’T GO TO LAW SCHOOL, SO YOU CAN CORRECT HIM.
SCHOOL, SO YOU CAN CORRECT HIM. >> I BARELY GOT -- I DID GO TO
>> I BARELY GOT -- I DID GO TO WHARTON WITH DONALD TRUMP,
WHARTON WITH DONALD TRUMP, THOUGH.
THOUGH. >> INTERESTING.
>> INTERESTING. BUT RICO IS MEANT TO CAPTURE IS
BUT RICO IS MEANT TO CAPTURE IS WHEN YOU HAVE ALL SORTS OF
WHEN YOU HAVE ALL SORTS OF DIFFERENT KINDS OF CRIMINAL
DIFFERENT KINDS OF CRIMINAL ACTIVITY BEING COMMITTED ON
ACTIVITY BEING COMMITTED ON BEHALF OF ONE CENTRALIZED PERSON
BEHALF OF ONE CENTRALIZED PERSON AND ORGANIZATION AND, YOU KNOW,
AND ORGANIZATION AND, YOU KNOW, IT’S KIND OF -- I MEAN, IT’S
IT’S KIND OF -- I MEAN, IT’S EXACTLY WHAT YOU THINK OF.
EXACTLY WHAT YOU THINK OF. IT’S ALMOST LIKE A SPIDER WEB
IT’S ALMOST LIKE A SPIDER WEB AND ALL THE DIFFERENT SPIDERS
AND ALL THE DIFFERENT SPIDERS ARE IN IT AND THEY’RE ALL DOING
ARE IN IT AND THEY’RE ALL DOING DIFFERENT KINDS OF CRIMES.
DIFFERENT KINDS OF CRIMES. IT’S TO CAPTURE IT ALL TOGETHER.
IT’S TO CAPTURE IT ALL TOGETHER. BECAUSE TO CHARGE ANY ONE SINGLE
BECAUSE TO CHARGE ANY ONE SINGLE CRIME ALONE DOESN’T CAPTURE THE
CRIME ALONE DOESN’T CAPTURE THE ESSENCE OF THE ORGANIZATION.
ESSENCE OF THE ORGANIZATION. SO THAT’S WHY I SAY, AS YOU’RE
SO THAT’S WHY I SAY, AS YOU’RE RIGHT, THE MORE DIFFERENT KINDS
RIGHT, THE MORE DIFFERENT KINDS OF CRIMES WE HEAR, INSURANCE
OF CRIMES WE HEAR, INSURANCE FRAUD, BANK FRAUD, TAX FRAUD,
FRAUD, BANK FRAUD, TAX FRAUD, YOU NEED CRIMES THAT ARE
YOU NEED CRIMES THAT ARE CONSIDERED PRED ITICATES.
CONSIDERED PRED ITICATES. BUT I DO SEE THE IDEA THAT IF
BUT I DO SEE THE IDEA THAT IF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION IS BEING
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION IS BEING USED AS A VEHICLE TO COMMIT MANY
USED AS A VEHICLE TO COMMIT MANY DIFFERENT CRIMES OF STATE AND
DIFFERENT CRIMES OF STATE AND FEDERAL CRIMES, IT CAN CAPTURE
FEDERAL CRIMES, IT CAN CAPTURE STATE CRIMES AND BECOME FEDERAL
STATE CRIMES AND BECOME FEDERAL UNDER RICOH AS WELL.
UNDER RICOH AS WELL. THEN, YOU KNOW, THAT’S WHEN
THEN, YOU KNOW, THAT’S WHEN RICOH BECOMES USEFUL.
RICOH BECOMES USEFUL. >> WHICH BRINGS US TO ONE OF THE
>> WHICH BRINGS US TO ONE OF THE SCARIEST ANSWERS AND QUESTIONS
SCARIEST ANSWERS AND QUESTIONS THAT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND
THAT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD TO
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD TO EXPERIENCE TODAY.
EXPERIENCE TODAY. THAT IS WHEN MICHAEL COHEN WAS
THAT IS WHEN MICHAEL COHEN WAS ASKED IF THERE ARE ANY OTHER
ASKED IF THERE ARE ANY OTHER ILLEGAL ACTS THAT HE’S AWARE OF
ILLEGAL ACTS THAT HE’S AWARE OF THAT HE HASN’T MENTIONED TODAY.
THAT HE HASN’T MENTIONED TODAY. LET’S WATCH THIS MOMENT.
LET’S WATCH THIS MOMENT. >> IS THERE ANY OTHER WRONGDOING
>> IS THERE ANY OTHER WRONGDOING OR ILLEGAL ACT THAT YOU ARE
OR ILLEGAL ACT THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF REGARDING DONALD TRUMP
AWARE OF REGARDING DONALD TRUMP THAT WE HAVEN’T YET DISCUSSED
THAT WE HAVEN’T YET DISCUSSED TODAY?
TODAY? >> YES, AND, AGAIN, THOSE ARE
>> YES, AND, AGAIN, THOSE ARE PART OF THE INVESTIGATION THAT’S
PART OF THE INVESTIGATION THAT’S CURRENTLY BEING LOOKED AT BY THE
CURRENTLY BEING LOOKED AT BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. >> THAT WAS ONE OF MY JUMP OUT
>> THAT WAS ONE OF MY JUMP OUT OF THE SEAT MOMENTS, TIM.
OF THE SEAT MOMENTS, TIM. >> WELL, YOU KNOW, FOLLOWING
>> WELL, YOU KNOW, FOLLOWING UPON WHAT MIMI SAID, I THINK IN
UPON WHAT MIMI SAID, I THINK IN ADDITION, ONE OF THE ATMOSPHERIC
ADDITION, ONE OF THE ATMOSPHERIC THINGS ABOUT RICOH IS THERE IS
THINGS ABOUT RICOH IS THERE IS SOMEONE AT THE HEAD OF THE WEB
SOMEONE AT THE HEAD OF THE WEB OR IN THE CENTER OF THE WEB
OR IN THE CENTER OF THE WEB ORCHESTRATING THIS.
ORCHESTRATING THIS. THIS HAS COME OUT.
THIS HAS COME OUT. IT CAME OUT TODAY.
IT CAME OUT TODAY. AT ONE POINT MICHAEL COHEN WAS
AT ONE POINT MICHAEL COHEN WAS ASKED, SO ARE YOU SAYING THAT
ASKED, SO ARE YOU SAYING THAT DONALD TRUMP ORCHESTRATED A
DONALD TRUMP ORCHESTRATED A CRIMINAL FRAUD WITH DONALD TRUMP
CRIMINAL FRAUD WITH DONALD TRUMP JR. AND ALLEN WEISSLEBERG?
JR. AND ALLEN WEISSLEBERG? YES.
YES. AT THIS MOMENT, ARE THERE OTHER
AT THIS MOMENT, ARE THERE OTHER FRAUDS WE DON’T KNOW ABOUT OR
FRAUDS WE DON’T KNOW ABOUT OR OTHER CRIMES THAT WERE
OTHER CRIMES THAT WERE COMMITTED?
COMMITTED? YES.
YES. OF COURSE THAT’S GOING TO MAKE
OF COURSE THAT’S GOING TO MAKE DONALD TRUMP JUMP OUT OF HIS
DONALD TRUMP JUMP OUT OF HIS SOCKS.
SOCKS. HE’S IN HANOI.
HE’S IN HANOI. HE JUST GOT EPICALLY TROLLED BY
HE JUST GOT EPICALLY TROLLED BY MICHAEL COHEN THOUSANDS OF MILES
MICHAEL COHEN THOUSANDS OF MILES AWAY.
AWAY. HE DID TO TRUMP WHAT TRUMP HAS
HE DID TO TRUMP WHAT TRUMP HAS DONE TO EVERYONE ELSE.
DONE TO EVERYONE ELSE. HE HAS DAMNING TESTIMONY, HE’S
HE HAS DAMNING TESTIMONY, HE’S INSULTED HIM PERSONALLY AND
INSULTED HIM PERSONALLY AND TRUMP’S IN A BOX HALFWAY AROUND
TRUMP’S IN A BOX HALFWAY AROUND THE WORLD AND CAN’T DO ANYTHING
THE WORLD AND CAN’T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. THE NEXT LEG OF THIS, I THINK,
THE NEXT LEG OF THIS, I THINK, IS PEOPLE INSIDE THE TRUMP
IS PEOPLE INSIDE THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION ARE GOING TO START
ORGANIZATION ARE GOING TO START TO HAVE TO DECIDE DO THEY TAKE
TO HAVE TO DECIDE DO THEY TAKE CARE OF THEMSELVES, DO THEY TAKE
CARE OF THEMSELVES, DO THEY TAKE CARE OF TRUMP OR DO THEY TRY TO
CARE OF TRUMP OR DO THEY TRY TO FIND A MIDDLE GROUND?
FIND A MIDDLE GROUND? I DON’T THINK THEY’RE GOING TO
I DON’T THINK THEY’RE GOING TO ULTIMATELY BE ABLE TO HAVE A
ULTIMATELY BE ABLE TO HAVE A MIDDLE GROUND.
MIDDLE GROUND. >> MIMI, HOW DOES THAT WORK?
>> MIMI, HOW DOES THAT WORK? >> WELL, I MEAN, IT SOUNDS LIKE
>> WELL, I MEAN, IT SOUNDS LIKE ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, FOR ONE, HAS
ALLEN WEISSLEBERG, FOR ONE, HAS ALREADY MADE A DECISION ABOUT
ALREADY MADE A DECISION ABOUT THAT.
THAT. HE REPORTEDLY HAS AN IMMUNITY
HE REPORTEDLY HAS AN IMMUNITY AGREEMENT WITH THE SOUTHERN
AGREEMENT WITH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT.
DISTRICT. >> I WANT TO BE CAREFUL THERE
>> I WANT TO BE CAREFUL THERE BECAUSE I DON’T KNOW FOR SURE,
BECAUSE I DON’T KNOW FOR SURE, BUT JUST BASED ON THE REPORTING
BUT JUST BASED ON THE REPORTING THAT WE’RE GLEANING, MAYBE YOU
THAT WE’RE GLEANING, MAYBE YOU HAVE MORE SPECIFICS, I THINK HIS
HAVE MORE SPECIFICS, I THINK HIS IMMUNITY WAS PRETTY LIMITED.
IMMUNITY WAS PRETTY LIMITED. SO THERE IS COOPERATION
SO THERE IS COOPERATION AGREEMENTS AND THEN THERE IS
AGREEMENTS AND THEN THERE IS IMMUNITY AGREEMENTS.
IMMUNITY AGREEMENTS. COOPERATION AGREEMENTS ARE YOU
COOPERATION AGREEMENTS ARE YOU TELL US EVERYTHING ABOUT
TELL US EVERYTHING ABOUT EVERYTHING.
EVERYTHING. IMMUNITY IS WE’RE GOING TO BRING
IMMUNITY IS WE’RE GOING TO BRING YOU IN ON THIS ONE DAY TO THEY
YOU IN ON THIS ONE DAY TO THEY YOU ARE.
YOU ARE. >> WHICH WAS AUGUST OF LAST
>> WHICH WAS AUGUST OF LAST YEAR.
YEAR. >> AND YOU’RE GOING TO ANSWER
>> AND YOU’RE GOING TO ANSWER QUESTIONS AND THAT’S IT.
QUESTIONS AND THAT’S IT. AND SO THAT CAN BE VERY LIMITED.
AND SO THAT CAN BE VERY LIMITED. SO I THINK ALLEN WEISSLEBERG
SO I THINK ALLEN WEISSLEBERG STILL HAS THAT DECISION TO MAKE
STILL HAS THAT DECISION TO MAKE THAT WE’RE TALKING ABOUT.
THAT WE’RE TALKING ABOUT. IS THE GOING TO GET ON BOARD AND
IS THE GOING TO GET ON BOARD AND COOPERATE?
COOPERATE? WHICH IT SOUNDS LIKE HE SHOULD
WHICH IT SOUNDS LIKE HE SHOULD OR HE IS IN SOME SERIOUS LEGAL
OR HE IS IN SOME SERIOUS LEGAL JEOPARDY HIMSELF.
JEOPARDY HIMSELF. >> DONNY, TALK ABOUT THE MAN WE
>> DONNY, TALK ABOUT THE MAN WE SAW TODAY IN THAT COMMITTEE
SAW TODAY IN THAT COMMITTEE ROOM.
ROOM. I MEAN, YOU OVER THE MONTHS HAVE
I MEAN, YOU OVER THE MONTHS HAVE TRIED TO TELL ME THAT MICHAEL
TRIED TO TELL ME THAT MICHAEL COHEN IS ACTUALLY A NICE GUY IN
COHEN IS ACTUALLY A NICE GUY IN CERTAIN WAYS.
CERTAIN WAYS. I DIDN’T WANT TO HEAR IT.
I DIDN’T WANT TO HEAR IT. I FOCUS ON WHAT HE HAS DONE AND
I FOCUS ON WHAT HE HAS DONE AND WHAT HE’S PARTICIPATED IN, BUT I
WHAT HE’S PARTICIPATED IN, BUT I SAW THE MAN TODAY.
SAW THE MAN TODAY. YOU COULDN’T MISS HIM.
YOU COULDN’T MISS HIM. WE WERE EXPOSED TO HIM FOR HOURS
WE WERE EXPOSED TO HIM FOR HOURS ON END.
ON END. WE SAW HIM CRY.
WE SAW HIM CRY. WE SAW HIM TALK ABOUT THE PAIN
WE SAW HIM TALK ABOUT THE PAIN THIS HAS CAUSED HIS FAMILY IN
THIS HAS CAUSED HIS FAMILY IN VERY CONVINCING WAYS.
VERY CONVINCING WAYS. THERE IS NO ONE WHO CAN DOUBT
THERE IS NO ONE WHO CAN DOUBT THAT PART OF IT.
THAT PART OF IT. WE SAW HIM STAY COMPOSED, NEVER
WE SAW HIM STAY COMPOSED, NEVER FALL FOR THE BAIT THAT THE
FALL FOR THE BAIT THAT THE REPUBLICANS WERE TRYING TO GET
REPUBLICANS WERE TRYING TO GET HIM TO FALL FOR, NEVER GETTING
HIM TO FALL FOR, NEVER GETTING ANGRY, NEVER GIVING MORE OF AN
ANGRY, NEVER GIVING MORE OF AN ANSWER THAN WAS NECESSARY, AND
ANSWER THAN WAS NECESSARY, AND BEING, YOU KNOW, AS SOLID A
BEING, YOU KNOW, AS SOLID A WITNESS IN TERMS OF PERFORMANCE
WITNESS IN TERMS OF PERFORMANCE AS YOU CAN SEE IN THOSE KINDS OF
AS YOU CAN SEE IN THOSE KINDS OF HEARINGS.
HEARINGS. WHAT DID YOU SEE IN THAT RANGE
WHAT DID YOU SEE IN THAT RANGE OF EMOTION IN THE RANGE OF WHAT
OF EMOTION IN THE RANGE OF WHAT YOU SAW HIM GO THROUGH?
YOU SAW HIM GO THROUGH? I’M PARTICULARLY INTERESTED IN
I’M PARTICULARLY INTERESTED IN WHAT YOU FELT, WHAT YOU THOUGHT
WHAT YOU FELT, WHAT YOU THOUGHT WHEN YOU SAW HIM ADDRESS DONALD
WHEN YOU SAW HIM ADDRESS DONALD TRUMP DIRECTLY INTO THAT CAMERA.
TRUMP DIRECTLY INTO THAT CAMERA. >> I SAW WHAT I’VE, SEEING OVER
>> I SAW WHAT I’VE, SEEING OVER THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS.
THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS. WHAT THE PUBLIC HAS SEEN IS
WHAT THE PUBLIC HAS SEEN IS BASICALLY THE OLD CLIPS.
BASICALLY THE OLD CLIPS. >> THAT’S ALL I KNOW.
>> THAT’S ALL I KNOW. >> LOOK, MICHAEL COHEN WAS
>> LOOK, MICHAEL COHEN WAS TRUMP’S KIND OF THUGGY LAWYER
TRUMP’S KIND OF THUGGY LAWYER AND DID DISHONEST THINGS, AND
AND DID DISHONEST THINGS, AND HIS EXPLANATION, WHICH IS THE
HIS EXPLANATION, WHICH IS THE REAL EXPLANATION IF YOU KNOW
REAL EXPLANATION IF YOU KNOW MICHAEL PERSONAL, IF YOU KNOW
MICHAEL PERSONAL, IF YOU KNOW DONALD PERSONALLY, HE WAS IN THE
DONALD PERSONALLY, HE WAS IN THE GLOW.
GLOW. HE WENT FROM BEING A TAXICAB
HE WENT FROM BEING A TAXICAB ATTORNEY TO TRUMP’S ATTORNEY ON
ATTORNEY TO TRUMP’S ATTORNEY ON HIS LAPEL PIN.
HIS LAPEL PIN. THAT’S INTOXICATING.
THAT’S INTOXICATING. HE’S DESCRIBED IT AS A CULT.
HE’S DESCRIBED IT AS A CULT. THAT DOESN’T EXCUSE, BUT IT
THAT DOESN’T EXCUSE, BUT IT EXPLAINS A LOT OF HIS BEHAVIOR.
EXPLAINS A LOT OF HIS BEHAVIOR. WHAT I SAW OVER THE LAST COUPLE
WHAT I SAW OVER THE LAST COUPLE OF YEARS IS A GUY WHO KNOWS HE
OF YEARS IS A GUY WHO KNOWS HE DID WRONG THINGS AND SAYS, WAIT
DID WRONG THINGS AND SAYS, WAIT A SECOND, I’M THE GUY TAKING THE
A SECOND, I’M THE GUY TAKING THE FALL?
FALL? LOOK WHAT’S HAPPENING IN THE
LOOK WHAT’S HAPPENING IN THE WORLD HERE.
WORLD HERE. THE VERY THING THAT WE ARE --
THE VERY THING THAT WE ARE -- OUR HEADS ALMOST EXPLODE ABOUT
OUR HEADS ALMOST EXPLODE ABOUT EVERY NIGHT.
EVERY NIGHT. IMAGINE IF YOU ARE BECOMING
IMAGINE IF YOU ARE BECOMING AWARE OF THAT, YOU REALIZED YOU
AWARE OF THAT, YOU REALIZED YOU WERE A PART OF IT, A PIECE OF
WERE A PART OF IT, A PIECE OF IT, YOU’RE PAYING THE
IT, YOU’RE PAYING THE CONSEQUENCES WHILE THE OTHER GUY
CONSEQUENCES WHILE THE OTHER GUY IS CIRCLING IN AIR FORCE ONE.
IS CIRCLING IN AIR FORCE ONE. AND I SAW I GUY WHO WOULD BREAK
AND I SAW I GUY WHO WOULD BREAK DOWN EVERY TIME WE’D TALK ABOUT
DOWN EVERY TIME WE’D TALK ABOUT HIS FAMILY.
HIS FAMILY. I SAW A GUY, LOOK, IF THIS
I SAW A GUY, LOOK, IF THIS HADN’T HAPPENED, WOULD HE HAVE
HADN’T HAPPENED, WOULD HE HAVE GOTTEN TO THIS PLACE?
GOTTEN TO THIS PLACE? PROBABLY NOT.
PROBABLY NOT. BUT IT DID HAPPEN.
BUT IT DID HAPPEN. AND HE IS IN THIS PLACE AND IT’S
AND HE IS IN THIS PLACE AND IT’S GENUINE AND IT’S REAL AND THE
GENUINE AND IT’S REAL AND THE CAMERA DOES NOT LIE.
CAMERA DOES NOT LIE. HIS LIFE IS DESTROYED.
HIS LIFE IS DESTROYED. HE IS A FAMILY -- YOU KNOW,
HE IS A FAMILY -- YOU KNOW, CONGRESSMAN, I CAN’T REMEMBER
CONGRESSMAN, I CAN’T REMEMBER HIS NAME, PUT OUT THAT THING THE
HIS NAME, PUT OUT THAT THING THE OTHER DAY ABOUT HIS WIFE
OTHER DAY ABOUT HIS WIFE POTENTIALLY, THAT IS THE --
POTENTIALLY, THAT IS THE -- WE’RE NOT EVEN GOING TO DIGNIFY
WE’RE NOT EVEN GOING TO DIGNIFY IT.
IT. I’VE ALREADY GONE THROUGH THAT.
I’VE ALREADY GONE THROUGH THAT. BUT TO SEE THE EFFECT ON THIS
BUT TO SEE THE EFFECT ON THIS MAN.
MAN. I WAS ON THE PHONE THE NIGHT
I WAS ON THE PHONE THE NIGHT THAT TRUMP WENT AFTER HIS
THAT TRUMP WENT AFTER HIS FATHER-IN-LAW.
FATHER-IN-LAW. HE SAID, I’M NOT DOING THIS.
HE SAID, I’M NOT DOING THIS. HE’S A FAMILY GUY.
HE’S A FAMILY GUY. HE IS A GOOD MAN THAT DID SOME
HE IS A GOOD MAN THAT DID SOME STUPID, BAD THINGS.
STUPID, BAD THINGS. AND I WOULD NOT TALK THE WAY I
AND I WOULD NOT TALK THE WAY I TALK ABOUT HIM.
TALK ABOUT HIM. I’M A PRETTY CYNICAL GUY AND I’M
I’M A PRETTY CYNICAL GUY AND I’M A STREET GUY, I KNOW PEOPLE.
A STREET GUY, I KNOW PEOPLE. I’VE KNOWN GUYS LIKE THIS MY
I’VE KNOWN GUYS LIKE THIS MY ENTIRE LIFE, AS I SAID.
ENTIRE LIFE, AS I SAID. IS HE A CHOIR BOY?
IS HE A CHOIR BOY? NO.
NO. DOES HE DESERVE TO GO TO JAIL
DOES HE DESERVE TO GO TO JAIL FOR WHAT HE DID?
FOR WHAT HE DID? YES.
YES. BUT HE’S A GOOD GUY.
BUT HE’S A GOOD GUY. >> DONNY DEUTSCH, ARE YOU DOING
>> DONNY DEUTSCH, ARE YOU DOING "MORNING JOE" TOMORROW?
"MORNING JOE" TOMORROW? >> I AM.
>> I AM. >> THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR STAYING UP LATE.
STAYING UP LATE. >> THANK YOU, MY FRIEND.
>> THANK YOU, MY FRIEND. >> COULDN’T GET THROUGH THIS